artillery fired white phosphorus a
weapon used by the Israeli military in
crossborder fire with the Lebanese armed
group Hezbollah that's now in its 7th
week hostilities have been mly confined
to military targets a few kilometers on
each side of the
Border but rights groups have documented
the use of white phosphorus in populated
areas which is illegal under
international law our team has gathered
compelling evidence that indicates is
the Israeli Army's use of white
phosphorus in four incidents in three
different towns alongside the Lebanese
Southern borders one of these attacks
which happened on the town on TAA in 16
October must be investigated as a war
crime because it was an indiscriminate
attack that injured at least nine
civilians farmers and herders are among
the casualties in the conflict which
began after Hezbollah sought to relieve
pressure on its Ally Hamas in Gaza they
haven't been able to reach the grazing
ground because of the danger of strikes
and this is added pressure on a
population suffering from a 4-year
economic
crisis businessman like Milad Aid
explains to us how many are unable to
benefit from the harvest season and that
it will take years if not decades to
recover for this year we have 48 to 50%
of our trees are already smashed nothing
stay it was very difficult even at that
time to calm the fire because it was
windy and very high
speed at times wildfires that spread for
kilometers burned for days they weren't
just caused by white phosphorus but
flare bombs
too more than 400 hectares of Green
Space has already been burned according
to lebanon's Ministry of Agriculture
along with 60% of forests and 30% of
orchards and farmland and 47,000 olive
trees have been destroyed some of which
were centuries
old the burning of bushes adjacent to
the border is also a military tactic as
you can see behind me there are several
kilometers of territory covered by trees
the Israeli Army does not want Hezbollah
to hide in those areas to mount attacks
or ambushes against its forces this is
one of the Israeli positions on the
border now surrounded by a burned land
ESC Cape Lebanon calls this a scorched
Earth policy that has a lasting effect
on survivors the land and the
environment Zak Al jaaz Southern
Lebanon make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer